Modules support (#101)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/03-21-custom-modules-configuration.md

> # Modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure the list of modules
```

By default, Kyma Environment Broker applies the Kyma CR, including the default modules selected by Kyma, to a cluster.

> Modules configuration is available by setting "modules" object in JSON schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your custom list of modules by setting the "modules" object in the JSON schema.
```

> There are two available fields, full JSON Schema can be found on bottom of document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do that, use the following two fields:
```

> - default (bool) - Defines if use default module settings
> - list (array) - Defines a custom list of modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **default** (bool) - defines whether to use the default list of modules
- **list** (array) - defines a custom list of modules
```

API for modules configuration is build on "oneOf" feature from JSON schema. It means if "modules" is passed to API - it must have one and only one valid option, thus to pass JSON API Validator you must set only one field. See examples below.

> # Correct API calls:

Reviewer: Do you need heading H1 here? It's typically used for a document's title.

> - default mode, if set to true, then modules will be selected by Kyma, also same happens when "modules" section is not set at all (mapped to nil) in payload

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- default mode, if set to true, then modules will be pre-selected by Kyma, also same happens when "modules" section is not set at all (mapped to nil) in payload
```

> - default mode, if set to true, then modules will be selected by Kyma, also same happens when "modules" section is not set at all (mapped to nil) in payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the default mode, the "modules" object is set to `default: true` and modules are pre-selected by Kyma. The same happens when the "modules" section is not set at all (mapped to nil) in the payload.
```

```
modules: {
    default: true
}
```

> - if you want to use your custom modules configuration, you need pass 'list' with modules which you want install

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- if you want to use your custom modules configuration, you need to pass the 'list' with modules which you want to be installed
```

> - if you want to use your custom modules configuration, you need pass 'list' with modules which you want install

Reviewer: Modules configuration or module list configuration?

> - if you want to use your custom modules configuration, you need pass 'list' with modules which you want install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use your custom modules configuration, you must pass "list" with the modules you want installed.
```

> - If you want to use your custom modules configuration, you must pass "list" with the modules you want installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use your custom modules' list configuration, you must pass the "list" with the modules you want installed.
```

```
"modules": {
    "list": [
        {
            "name": "btp-operator",
            "customResourcePolicy": "CreateAndDelete"
        },
        {
            "name": "keda",
            "channel": "fast",
        }
    ]
}
```

> - this calls will cause installation Kyma without any modules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- this call will cause installation Kyma without any modules
```

> - these calls will cause installation Kyma without any modules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- these calls will cause installation of Kyma without any modules
```

> - these calls will cause installation Kyma without any modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following calls result in Kyma runtime installation without any modules.
```

```
"modules": {
    "list": []
}
```

```
"modules": {
    "default": false
}
```

> # Incorrect API calls:

Reviewer: Why the H1 heading?

> Any call with "modules" section not set will fail, it is due usage of "oneOf" feature in JSON Schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any call with "modules" section not set will fail, it is due to the usage of "oneOf" feature in JSON Schema.
```

> Any call with "modules" section not set will fail, it is due usage of "oneOf" feature in JSON Schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A call with the "modules" section not set fails due to using the "oneOf" feature in the JSON Schema.
```

```
modules: {}
```

> Any call with "modules" section and filled with both params will fail, it is due usage of "oneOf" feature in JSON Schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any call with "modules" section and filled with both params will fail, it is due to the usage of "oneOf" feature in JSON Schema.
```

> Any call with "modules" section and filled with both params will fail, it is due usage of "oneOf" feature in JSON Schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A call with the "modules" section with both parameters filled in fails due to using the "oneOf" feature in the JSON Schema.
```

```
modules: {
    default: false,
    "list": [
        {
            "name": "btp-operator",
            "customResourcePolicy": "CreateAndDelete"
        },
        {
            "name": "keda",
            "channel": "fast",
        }
    ]
}
```

> # JSON Schema

Reviewer: Why the H1 heading?

```
"modules": {
    "_controlsOrder": [
      "default",
      "list"
    ],
    "description": "Use default modules or provide your custom list of modules.",
    "oneOf": [
      {
        "additionalProperties": false,
        "description": "Default modules",
        "properties": {
          "default": {
            "default": true,
            "description": "Check the default modules at: https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-modules?version=Cloud.",
            "readOnly": true,
            "type": "boolean"
          }
        },
        "title": "Default",
        "type": "object"
      },
      {
        "additionalProperties": false,
        "description": "Define custom module list",
        "properties": {
          "list": {

>             "description": "Select a module technical name from the list available at: https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-modules?version=Cloud. You can only use a modules technical name once.",

Reviewer 2: This could be easily misinterpreted as requirement o use one and only one module name.

>             "description": "Select a module technical name from the list available at: https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-modules?version=Cloud. You can only use a modules technical name once.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "description": "Select a module technical name from the list available at: https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-modules?version=Cloud. You can only use a module technical name once.",
```

                "customResourcePolicy"
              ],
              "properties": {
                "channel": {
                  "_enumDisplayName": {
                    "fast": "Fast - latest version",
                    "regular": "Regular - default version"
                  },
                  "default": "regular",
                  "description": "Select your preferred release channel.",
                  "enum": [
                    "regular",
                    "fast"
                  ],
                  "type": "string"
                },
                "customResourcePolicy": {
                  "_enumDisplayName": {
                    "CreateAndDelete": "CreateAndDelete - default module resource is created or deleted.",
                    "Ignore": "Ignore - module resource is not created."
                  },
                  "default": "CreateAndDelete",
                  "description": "Select your preferred CustomResourcePolicy setting.",
                  "enum": [
                    "CreateAndDelete",
                    "Ignore"
                  ],
                  "type": "string"
                },
                "name": {

>                   "description": "Select a module technical name from the list available at: https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-modules?version=Cloud. You can only use a modules technical name once.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  "description": "Select a module technical name from the list available at: https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-modules?version=Cloud. You can only use a module technical name once.",
```

# Module configuration

By default, KEB will apply to cluster the Kyma CR with default modules.
If "modules" section is not set at all (mapped to nil), or "modules" section is empty(not nil but zero values) - then default modules will be applied.
Configuration is available by setting "modules" object in JSON schema.
There are two available fields:
- default (bool)
- list (array)

API for modules configuration is build on "oneOf" feature from JSON schema. It means if "modules" is passed to API - it must have one and only one valid option, thus to pass JSON API Validator you must set only one field. See examples below.

> Correct API calls:

Reviewer 2: There is neither example with modules section not set at all nor modules section empty (vide L4 above).

- install default modules

```
modules: {
    default: true
}
```

> - custom modules configuration - dont install any module

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- custom modules configuration - don't install any module
```

```
modules: {
    list: [] // no modules
}
```

> - custom modules configuration - install only btp-operator module

Reviewer 2: What about keda listed below?

```
modules: {
    "list": [
            {
                "name": "btp-operator",
                "customResourcePolicy": "CreateAndDelete"
            },
            {
                "name": "keda",
                "channel": "fast",
            }
    ]
}
```

Incorrect API calls:

> - this will pass JSON validation, but it will fail due to not passed any custom modules. If someone want to use custom modules or empty modules should use only "list" field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- this will pass JSON validation, but it will fail due to not passed any custom modules. If someone wants to use custom modules or empty modules should use only "list" field.
```

```
modules: {
    default: false
}
```

> - any call with "modules" and filled with both params will fail, it is due usage of "oneOf" feature in JSON Schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- any call with "modules" and filled with both params will fail, it is due to usage of "oneOf" feature in JSON Schema.
```

```
modules: {

>     default: false,

Reviewer 2: Is indent correct below?
